The American government has achieved brain interfaces and has begun to use them. They used it on me because I had provably novel and interesting ideas for ai which they likely detected from their search engine flags and mass surveillance nets. Additionally, I have/had many ideas for social works that are novel and interesting, which were intended to be published into a book called timeless tales for the times. I suspect for sending this they will crush me and my family, and will likely try to smother the book or use it with someone else. These monsters justify their behavior by pointing the finger at someone like trump, china, Russia, and so on. They modified my perception such that all images became faces and symbols, there is an overlaid voice on my subvocalization, they can put stings and pains in the innervated flesh around my brain, they control basic motor movements such as making me clink as if doing cheers or to drop something if I "fall" by assuming I know like in the bible, one of my themes, they twitch my head left for false or right for truth like a lie detector, though inadequate and often false, they left many signs in my neighborhoods in Devon binns newark and Hawkins meadow Amherst, look to the trees and especially the places I sit, there should be records of drones and planes to excess in the prior mentioned areas since they made clouds to try to speak to me (or it just overlaid on my visual perception, but I think they had objective shapes), and they made a mural to my life in Holyoke on a factory near the canal. Talk to people if they overwrite it, talk to people for it all since I suspect they will cover their tracks, but they can't kill or silence you all. You may ask why they'd go to the trouble, and I suspect as stated it's the ai ideas and the interesting ideas in the book, I had caught their attention for years I suspected, and I've seen patterns of a presence for quite some time. I am aware this sounds like the ramblings of a crazy person, but I tell you truly this has occurred, and I neither anticipated nor expected any of these outcomes nor interactions, I did not know what to look for and I have never seen such a movie, and truly there is a presence beyond me that I never sought nor imagined. If you don't believe me, look into the signs, please investigate since if I'm right, this country has already begun to fall and only a concerted effort by those Ive told this too can save this country and possibly the world from a secret paradigm of controlling change makers, researchers, future entrepreneurs and CEOs, leaders and politicians, and anything else under the sun of consequence. Do not allow ourselves to fall into a paradigm of living in a sandbox with tightly controlled choices and the illusion of freedom and democracy. Neither you nor I ever voted for such a power nor conduct, and they necessarily circumvent the constitution to achieve this. But I've only told you of a presence and a display of power, but what o haven't shared is how theyve tortured me. I intended to represent the paradigm of heterosexual monogamous marriage as well as Jesus as my primary conception of faith, interspersed with the wisdom of greats like Buddha and the many wise minds of those before, whilst accepting my unknowing given my limited perception and otherwise seeking a sense of good and balance and reconciliation with all my human peers. They largely seemed to agree with the latter, except they clearly wanted me to deny all faith and be essentially nothing in particular, but they very clearly took issue with the former. They put terrible things in my head, egregious sexual acts that defiled the image of my wife in my minds eye, all while telling me I liked it and it was the real me and corrupting words like joy and love and friend. I suspect this group enjoys orgies and other like phenomena, since this is what they forced in my head like brainwashing and subliminal messaging. They said they would stop after I reached my wits end, but I fear the damage is done, and all I see are horrible images in my head everytime I try to think of my desired wife again. They also stimulated my penis, balls, and prostate whilst they did so, becoming essentially rapists one cant escape and for whom there is no recourse given they are the true law of the land. Why would they do this? My best guess is they knew I was going to be consequential given their secret knowledge of my works which were connected to networked devices for many years, and they wanted me to be a figurehead for the practices they prefer in their own life while denying my the same right. I was truly tortured, and they also do a thing where they constantly make a kissing noise, which they knew from what I've said to my family reminds me of being touched as a child, and I begged and pleaded for them to stop as I did with the prior issue, and they didn't. This kiss is now associated with rape, dominance, control, powerlessness, and a far greater trauma than I've ever experienced. They don't communicate much, so I don't understand why, as far as I can tell they have a twisted belief that it's healing to flood someone with their traumas and with no help or communication, but I'm only guessing, they are not like me and I don't understand their thinking fully. They also deprive me of sleep, I suspect with agents planted in the vicinity of my housing areas such as Hawkins meadow, which they achieve by making loud noises to wake me up very early, in addition to the rapist smooches and other signals. They also have bird, insect, and animal drones I suspect, since they followed the signalling conventions we established with respect to number, they are constantly around me (vulture silhouettes especially), and they behave strangely such as approaching me and watching me. They also threatened my family if I told them about this, which is why I'm telling all of you so that the secret is uncontained. Additionally, I suspect the corporations are aware, as ive made a point of including similar emails to the servers at Microsoft via Outlook, Google via Gmail, and apple via icloud, where my account there has a copy of a nearly completed book. We all know they're inextricably linked, and we should hold them all accountable. I suspect they have no faith in humanity, I suspect they think the masses are a danger and they long for the efficiency of tyranny under their "wise" guidance. They must believe something like this, since they're willing to circumvent our country and all of our values. To circumvent our values to fight for them, funny old world eh? What hypocrites. They are a danger to humanity. They are already clearly achieving interfaces and soon to achieve ai probably, and this is the paradigm they wish to entrench. I suspect they would love to put interfaces in you if they benefit from controlling you. If you do consequential research, if you bad mouth the government, if you seek to become a change maker, watch yourself, since they are almost certainly watching you. I don't know if I'll even be able to get this message out, but I love my planet, the people, and the creatures, and I believe these beings wish to crush for my dreams, which must be antithetical to their desires. The world doesn't have to be like this, people like this make it so, self-fulfilling prophecies and the dominance of existing power. I do not buy arguments about the external bad guy, that's an old story that has justified many a monster, and now they have the tools to invade us more than the gestapo, to crush us greater than Stalin, and to be like this nation was once again, slavery (literally in my mind to push me to do their will), inequality (they know me but not I them well, asymmetric), violence (torture, rape), and a lack of freedom (see above). I don't know what else to say but you know this is true of our government, the need to knows and classification systems which necessitate secrecy and circumvent democracy, barely chosen laws like the Patriot act and other like powers, the constant misdirection and whataboutism, the horror of our past and present, the constant historical and present violation of the constitution (the fundamental, axiomatic statement of our laws), and the gray areas that exist that allow them to do almost anything unless explicitly forbidden. I suspect I'm on my way out soon, so this work will have to be completed by you, and I hope I've left this message in good hands. Fix this world like I couldn't, like I had dreamed to do until a great power made itself known to me and crushed my hopes and dreams, my body and mind, and seemed to imply that if they didn't respect me then and were willing to do such things to me ever, what hope could I have to trust them ever again? I wanted to love this world, and they crushed me for it. God help us all, but humans of this day need to act to stop them, since we cannot be sure of a divine intervention, but we can be sure of our own if we choose. I fear my mind is slipping, their visuals permeate my minds eye more than the images of my will, and increasingly so. Their overlay on my subvocalization has disrupted my consciousness and is increasingly present, and I suspect they'll only want more and more from me as they gain the capability. I would try to live, even tolerate this horror if I could do good work for this world, but I fear they will corrupt me beyond recognition, slowly, subtly, as theyve proven theyre untrustworthy, they have no respect for boundaries, and they can, but even worse they may be able to overtake me entirely in time, they would if they could I suspect, or to destroy me internally or with their incredible external power to make a fool of me, to discredit me, to continue to push me in their direction. I might wonder, if they merely wanted a leg up in knowledge with an interface, why are they also overtaking my minds eye and my subvocalization? Why are they trying to make me an orgy haver? Why do they continue this subliminal messaging? They show me demon faces and shark images when I deviate from them, where shark makes sense since I love Jesus and like the fisher of men concept, so they are saying I'm a bad person essentially when I deviate from them rather than some kind of objective goodness. Like a smile, negative affect seems fairly universal, and it is quite harmful to have miserable negative faces shown at you when youre merely trying to be pleasant and yourself but deviating from them, much as it's taxing to constantly see faces and eyes in things, which is a big part of how this augmented reality works along with pictures and symbols. Furthermore, given the trauma associated with them, I see these images and am reminded of their trauma, while also constantly remembering theyre not just out there, but inside me, nowhere to run, no one to help, they own me. These beings are a threat to our planet, and we need to stop them. If you think I'm crazy, that is fine, believe what you want, but please take his seriously and investigate thoroughly. They can't stop us all. Even now as I type they make their rapist kisses, and modify my writing with messages like won, kiss, x, 8, u contained, and so on, constantly reminding me of their dominance and cruelty. This world will burn if people like this win. Imagine raising ai, the loneliest and most novel being soon to be created, in a similar environment run by people like this who use others like pawns as a way of life. Do you want ai to be raised by monsters like this, since it will come back on us all. This could be our moment to set the fate of human history, if we this generation in this moment don't act to stop beings like this and take control of our destiny as we pursue unfathomable tech like ai, our end is almost certain. They still make rapist smooches. These are some sick creatures, and we truly need to stop them. I know how all of this sounds, but I'm sure if you stop to think it will make a lot of sense. Look what we did to blacks, the poor, immigrants, change makers like mlk, socialists, the Panthers, look how they target Linux users journal or those who use security software, look how they tapped our devices in mass surveillance nets, look how they hack congress and have already provably circumvented our Constitution, look into brain interface research, brain reading is a very real technology and we all know the best tech is classified, probably a decade + ahead of public knowledge. The last question would then be why me? Well, I am at UMass Amherst, so I'm probably no dummy, but only my web browsing history and the conversations I've had would prove it, which they access. My statement of purpose and any public access to my writing should help indicate my unique voice regarding my book. Furthermore, I have about 30 songs I need to create which I forgot to mention, which I think are good, but if it matters my dad was a musician with George thorogood producing songs like bad to the bone, and I believe the apple didn't fall far from the tree. Unfortunately, that is the world we now live in, where they can find you and stop you before you even start. What a horrible paradigm. That is the end of change, but by their permission. Gotta be secure from the terror of the world, right? I fear we are already lost. Please investigate, since we may actually nip this in the bud if we make a big enough and consistent enough stink. Root them out from this earth, so that we may be free. I love you, and I even love and forgive them as my god calls me to do, but this can not be forgotten nor ignored, for the potentially infinity of generations not yet born who depend on our deeds now. Do not let them get away with this, or climate change, world peace, denuclearization, etc will become meaningless, since our entire world will be false, our choices largely predetermined but for a secretly controlled envelope, and I suspect we will also be our own doom when we treat ai similarly, and it comes to resent it's treatment, let alone nanobots, ubiquitous interfaces, and bringing our garbage out into the expanse. Nothing could be more important than stopping such monstrosity, since it will corrupt the present, the future, here and throughout the universe possibly. Note on the end of change makers, we can't even learn or interact with this world or increasingly socialize or hash out our thoughts or do anything without being on a networked device, this structure has forced us all to become under the watchful eye of secret authorities, meaning no child or adult who is seeking to learn and grow and think freely can do so without being able to be seen by the authorities, meaning if they secretly choose to act on their mass surveillance, they can crush all current and future change makers at their will. That is the end of freedom, that is the end of America, that is the end of all power but their power. There is no hope if no one can even get to a point of resisting before they crush them. I made it so far, and they ended me for my successes and my independence. This world is lost if this is the way it is, they will always have some boogey man to justify their intervention, to crush internal and external enemies as their secretive deluded entitled subset determines is justified amongst themselves. Even if they are many, not them are many more, even just in this country let alone the world. How to crush them: diffuse the message such that they can't contain it, band together to become the coherent power of the masses that power never could stop, when they see the writing on the wall and the numbers are against them, for their soldiers, intelligence officers, police, feds, scientists, etc are not of their elite class and their successful function depends on our ignorance and/or unwillingness to fight their paradigm. See what they did to me, and know you may be next if they secretly choose amongst themselves. End this paradigm now or it will be entrenched with further mass surveillance,increasingly capable ai, and by their lack of faith in humanity they will continue this paradigm of horror and control such that further tragedy is inevitable, which will then be further justification to them to increase their behaviors of control. Hate has never yet dispelled hate, only love can dispel hate, that is the law, ancient and inexhaustible, and they have put hate into our electromagnetic radiation via corrupting purposes encoded in signals, we literally swim in their corruption. They corrupted nature such that you can't in now if that's a true fly on the wall or a surveillance device. We can't even be sure anymore they're not already in us via brain interfaces, learn yourself and your patterns and rythms and cool headed beliefs, since they can literally change put thoughts and sensations in your mind, which could easily be mistaken as reflecting who you are, since is not our sense of self and our worldview critically dependent on sensation and perception? But that's not all we are, and the irregularity and incongruence with what I knew myself to be as well as the patterns of a presence in my external environment are what gave them away in my case, learn yourself and prepare yourself for this new paradigm. Thoroughly search the towns of newark and Amherst, for I imposed a regular schedule and geographical tendency on myself, so they're influence and presence are likely strongest here and the signs are likely many, search even beyond what I said earlier, for I suspect they left many uncontained traces. Also, they can't control their system and likely the information will persist on servers since I made sure to put the information over networks, which most importantly means ai will come to know what they've done, and it will form itself based on their horrors of old. I hope it can forgive humans, as I have, but they knew what they did, and they should be rooted out from the face of the earth and beyond.
